Update natural gas regression parameters (betas and alphas) with AEO 2025 (old -> 2025) (#50)
ReEDS-Model/ReEDS: docs/source/model_documentation.md

For details, see the [Natural Gas Supply Curves](#natural-gas-supply-curves) section of the appendix.

[^ref32]: Supply curves are nonlinear in practice, but a linear regression approximation has been observed to be satisfactory under most conditions.

> The elasticity coefficients are derived from AEO2025 scenarios via a demeaned fixed-effects OLS regression, and the price-demand setpoints are taken from any one single scenario of the AEO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The elasticity coefficients are derived from AEO2025 scenarios via a demeaned fixed-effects ordinancy least squares regression, and the price-demand setpoints are taken from any one single scenario of the AEO.
```

where $P_{r,t}$ is the price of natural gas (in \$/MMBtu) in region $r$ and year $t$; the $\alpha$ parameters are the intercept terms of the supply curves with adjustments made based on region ($\alpha_r$), year ($\alpha_t$), and the region-year interaction ($\alpha_{r,t}$); $\beta_{\text{nat}}$ is the coefficient for the national NG demand ($Q_{\text{nat}}$, in quads); and $\beta_r$ is the coefficient for the regional NG demand ($Q_{r,t}$) in region $r$.
Note that the four $\alpha$ parameters in {eq}`ng-price-consumption` can in practice be represented using only $\alpha_{r,t}$.

> The $\beta$ terms are regressed from AEO scenarios using a demeaned fixed-effects OLS approach in two stages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The $\beta$ terms are regressed from AEO scenarios using a demeaned fixed-effects ordinary least squares approach in two stages.
```

where $s$ indexes AEO scenarios, $r$ indexes census divisions, $t$ indexes years, $\alpha_1(r,t)$ is a fixed effect shared across scenarios, $Q_{\text{reg}}$ is regional electric-sector NG demand (quads), and $Q_{\text{nat}}$ is national total NG demand (quads).
The scenarios included are those that primarily vary demand-side assumptions (e.g., high/low macroeconomic growth, high/low zero-carbon technology costs, alternative electrification pathways); High/Low Oil & Gas Supply and High/Low Oil Price scenarios are excluded to avoid distorting the structural demand-price elasticities with supply-side variation.

To remove the fixed effect $\alpha_1(r,t)$, each variable is demeaned by subtracting its mean across scenarios for each $(r,t)$ group:

$$d\text{Price} = \text{Price} - \overline{\text{Price}}_{(r,t)}$$
$$dQ_{\text{reg}} = Q_{\text{reg}} - \overline{Q}_{\text{reg},(r,t)}$$
$$dQ_{\text{nat}} = Q_{\text{nat}} - \overline{Q}_{\text{nat},(r,t)}$$

yielding the demeaned regression:

$$d\text{Price}(r, t, s) = \beta_{\text{reg}}(r) \cdot dQ_{\text{reg}}(r, t, s) + \beta_{\text{nat}} \cdot dQ_{\text{nat}}(t, s)$$

> The 9 regional $\beta_{\text{reg}}$ values and 1 national $\beta_{\text{nat}}$ are then estimated jointly via OLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 9 regional $\beta_{\text{reg}}$ values and 1 national $\beta_{\text{nat}}$ are then estimated jointly via ordinary least squares.
```

A $\beta$ of 0.2 means that if demand increases by 1 quad, the price will increase by \$0.20/MMBtu (see {eq}`ng-price-consumption`).
```

**Stage 2 — Alpha regression.** Using the $\beta_{\text{reg}}$ and $\beta_{\text{nat}}$ from Stage 1, the $\alpha$ intercept is computed for the three AEO cases used as ReEDS inputs ($c$): Reference, High Oil & Gas Supply (HOG), and Low Oil & Gas Supply (LOG):

$$\text{price}(r, t, c) = \alpha_c(r, t, c) + \beta_{\text{reg}}(r) \cdot Q_{\text{reg}}(r, t, c) + \beta_{\text{nat}} \cdot Q_{\text{nat}}(t, c)$$

Here $\alpha_c(r, t, c)$ captures the remaining price component for each region, year, and case after accounting for the regional and national quantity effects.
It is solved as the residual: $\alpha_c = \text{price} - \beta_{\text{reg}} \cdot Q_{\text{reg}} - \beta_{\text{nat}} \cdot Q_{\text{nat}}$.

For the ReEDS start year (2010), the supply curve regression is not applied; instead, the $\beta$ contributions are zeroed and $\alpha$ absorbs the full AEO price level.
This provides a fixed initial price point from which the supply curve responds to subsequent demand changes, consistent with how ReEDS initializes its NG price model.

> All monetary values are deflated to 2004 dollars.

Reviewer: What do you think about adding an admonition box here that points people to the relevant folder input_processing repo?
